The most important thing for the disbandment is to stabilize all things.
The government must also stabilize the foundation.
If one person is not the government,
if he or she is the one who takes over all the business,
he or she cannot take over the foundation
until he or she is able to go back to the way the government has been doing.
Nevertheless, it is necessary to stabilize the foundation.
Not only that,
if one is to establish the relationship between the two countries,
it is not possible to do so in the way the government has been doing.
In addition, the current cabinet is still in the process of establishing the foundation.
If this is the policy, then I can think about it.
I am certainly thinking about this area.
It is necessary to establish the foundation for this.
In any job,
it is not something that can be completed in half a year or a year.
No matter how little,
it is not possible to complete one policy without taking five years or more.
It is not possible to start a new job
after breaking the barrier that has been stacked with the effort of the government for 60 years.
It takes at least four or five years.
Therefore, we are demanding the whole nation
such as the government to support this old-fashioned Terasaka,
which has dominated all,
this ancient Japan.
This is for all.
If it was done the way the genuine republic had done,
we would think about what would happen to Japan's industry
However, unless the Constitution authorises the inquiry
and outputs the verdict,
it is out ofり which is true and which is false,
so it is up to the Commission to intervene
and turn to the people the court judgement,
which plays the right part in this fair trial.
I hope that you will make great efforts for the sake of the country.